  The quantitative and qualitative variables are representitve of varying descriptors featured in the television show FRIENDS. They analyze varying scenes from the show, while exaiming aspects of a particular scene. The data being collected relects on humor, location, and topic of the scene. I also observed the frequency of appearances from the six main characters. I made these observations by watching scenes of the show and recording what I observed after watching the scene.

  Observation one is a quantitative variable. It was  made based on the humor of a scene in the show. The observation was made on a 1-10 scale. The observation was made off of my personal opinion with 1 not being funny and 10 being very funny. These obersevations were made after watching the whole scene and chosing a rating in terms of the humor of the scene.

  My second variable is a quantitative variable. This variable is observed based on my personal opinion of the scene. This variable was taken from a 1-10 scale. On the scale one is a scene that I do not like and ten is a scene that I really like. This observation was collected after I watched a scene I rated it based on my opinion of it.

  Vairbale number three is another quantitative variable. This variable is based on the location of the scene. This variable was taken on a 1-4 scale. One is for scenes that take place at one of the main characters homes. Two depicts scenes that take place at the coffee shop, Centeral Perk. Variable three is a scene that takes place at one of the characters jobs, and four is used to describe scenes that take place in any other location.

  My final quantitative variable is based off of topics in a scene. The variable describes the topic of the scene. These variables are measured on a 1-4 scale. One is when a scene discusses romance. Two is a scene thats main topic is work. Variable three is a scene discussing any type of relationships, such as family and friend relationships. Finally, four is all other topics that may be discussed in a scene.
My final six variables are qualitative variables. The variables are the six main characters Monica, Rachel, Chandler, Joey, Phoebe, and Ross. They are dummy variables on a scale of 0-1 and describe if a particular main character is presented in the scene. One being the particular character is present in the scene. Two being the character is not present in the scene.
